README.md, before:

# 🃏 Black Jack 🃏

### Rules
Black Jack is a game where you and the dealer are dealt 2 cards. From there 
your goal is to get closer to 21 than the dealer when adding up all 
the cards you are dealt. If you get dealt a *Black Jack*, which is an ace and a 10 value card,
then you win automatically. You lose if your cards go over 21 ***or*** if the dealer
gets closer to 21 than you. The dealer will deal you two cards that will be face
up, and then deal themselves two cards where only one of their cards are facing up.
You will then be allowed to add cards to your hand until you want to stop, then the dealer
will flip over their second card and start adding cards to their deck until they either 
beat you, lose, or draw. In this game, you have the option to play with other bots, 
but remember, your goal is to only beat the dealer. Any player that beats the dealer 
will win.

In this game of Black Jack, everyone will start with $20, and you can only bet in increments
of $5, with a minimum bet of $5 as well. You can bet any amount of money, as long as you have 
it and if you win, you get double the money back. If you lose, you lose the money that you bet. 
If you draw with the dealer, you keep the money you bet and the dealer will take back the money 
they bet as well. If you get a *Black Jack*, you get paid 150% of the value that you bet. One 
thing to keep in mind is that the dealer will never give themselves cards if their total card 
value is 17 or more. 

#### Value of each card:
*2-10*: Face value

*Jack, Queen, King*: 10

*Ace*: 1 or 11, which ever is better for the hand

### Who will use it?
Anyone who is interested in gaming or a little bit of gambling will enjoy this 
game. You don't have to be experienced in gambling to know how to play this game
and it is relatively simple to learn this game as well

### Why is this project of interest to you
This project interests me because I used to play black jack with my friends all
the time and I remember it always being fun. There was also a bot that you could 
add to your server in discord that you could also play blackjack with and that
essentially lead me to wanting to design a game similar to that. 

### User Stories
- As a user, I want to be able to see the cards dealt to myself, as well as the dealer
- As a user, I want to be able to see the amount of money I have 
- As a user, I want to be able to choose whether I want to hit or stay
- As a user, I want to be able to see the instructions on how to play the game
- As a user, I want to be able to restart the game and reset the amount of money I earned to 0

Commit message:

edited Game class and GameTest and README.md

README.md, after:

# 🃏 Black Jack 🃏

### Rules
Black Jack is a game where you and the dealer are dealt 2 cards. From there 
your goal is to get closer to 21 than the dealer when adding up all 
the cards you are dealt. If you get dealt a *Black Jack*, which is an ace and a 10 value card,
then you win automatically. You lose if your cards go over 21 ***or*** if the dealer
gets closer to 21 than you. The dealer will deal you two cards that will be face
up, and then deal themselves two cards where only one of their cards are facing up.
You will then be allowed to add cards to your hand until you want to stop, then the dealer
will flip over their second card and start adding cards to their deck until they either 
beat you, lose, or draw. In this game, you have the option to play with other bots, 
but remember, your goal is to only beat the dealer. Any player that beats the dealer 
will win.

In this game of Black Jack, everyone will start with $20, and you can only bet in increments
of $5, with a minimum bet of $5 as well. You can bet any amount of money, as long as you have 
it and if you win, you get double the money back. If you lose, you lose the money that you bet. 
If you draw with the dealer, you keep the money you bet and the dealer will take back the money 
they bet as well. If you get a *Black Jack*, you get paid 150% of the value that you bet. One 
thing to keep in mind is that the dealer will never give themselves cards if their total card 
value is 17 or more. 

#### Value of each card:
*2-10*: Face value

*Jack, Queen, King*: 10

*Ace*: 1 or 11, which ever is better for the hand

### Who will use it?
Anyone who is interested in gaming or a little bit of gambling will enjoy this 
game. You don't have to be experienced in gambling to know how to play this game
and it is relatively simple to learn this game as well

### Why is this project of interest to you
This project interests me because I used to play black jack with my friends all
the time and I remember it always being fun. There was also a bot that you could 
add to your server in discord that you could also play blackjack with and that
essentially lead me to wanting to design a game similar to that. 

### User Stories
- As a user, I want to be able to build my own deck of cards and add assign different values and card names to the cards
- As a user, I want to be able to see the cards dealt to myself, as well as the dealer
- As a user, I want to be able to see the amount of money I have 
- As a user, I want to be able to choose whether I want to hit or stay
- As a user, I want to be able to see the instructions on how to play the game
